---
Test
---
!3 POST

A POST request with an XML body should create a resource:

!* Note
You set the body for the POST operation with the setBody.

This example also shows how LET is used:
1) First cell: The "let" command;
1) Second cell: The variable name;
2) Third cell: Where to read the data from; either "header" or "body" of the last successful HTTP 
response;
3) Fourth cell: The expression to extract the value that will be assigned to the variable.  For 
header it must be a regular expression, for body it must be an XPath expression that returns a 
string node.

Variables are global: here the GET op is executed on an URI containing '''%id%''' where the label 'id' 
is defined in the test above.  In the displayed page the placeholder %id% will be replaced by the 
value defined in the let method.
You can also include variables in the expected result.

Label values can be accessed from code using '''new Variables().get("labelname");'''
*!

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| setBody          | <resource><name>test post</name><data>some data</data></resource> |
| POST             | /resources      | 201   |                               | no-body |
| LET              | id              |header | Location:/resources/(.+)      |         |
| GET              | /resources/%id% |200    |  | !-/resource/name[text()='test post']
/resource/data[text()='some data']-! |

A POST request with a JSON body should create a resource:

!* Json
Variables may be substituted in the expected result.
*!

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| setBody          | { "resource" : { "name" : "test post", "data" : "some data" } }   |
| POST             | /resources           | 201   |                               | no-body |
| LET              | id                   |header | Location:/resources/(.+)      |         |
| GET              | /resources/%id%.json |200    | Content-Type : application/json | !-jsonbody.resource.name=='test post'
jsonbody.resource.data=='some data'-! |

A POST request with a URL-encoded body should create a resouce:

!* setBody Encoding
The setBody content cell may be encoded with ! - -! to add line breaks, etc.
*!

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| setHeader        | Content-Type : application/x-www-form-urlencoded;charset=UTF-8    |
| setBody          | name=test%20post&data=some%20data                                 |
| POST             | /resources           | 201   |                               | no-body |
| LET              | id                   |header | Location:/resources/(.+)      |         |
| GET              | /resources/%id%      |200    |                               | !-/resource/name[text()='test post']
/resource/data[text()='some data']-! |
