---
Test
---
!3 GET

!* Notes
Syntax of a !-RestFixture-! GET request:
1) First cell: '''GET''';
2) Second cell: URI of resource to retrieve.  The URI can be relative to the base URI or it 
can be absolute;
3) Third cell: The expected HTTP status code of the response;
4) Fourth cell: A subset of the expected response headers.  Regular expressions are allowed;
5) Fifth cell: Tests to be executed against the body of the response.  For JSON use !-JavaScript-! 
to test the data returned in the body.  For XML use XPath expressions.  The XPath expressions 
should '''not''' be boolean expressions.  Instead they should specify one or more nodes.  The 
test will succeed if one or more nodes is returned.  If no nodes are returned that match the XPath 
expression the test will fail.
*!

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/0 | 200 | Content-Length : [\d]+ | !-/resource/name[text()='a funky name'] 
/resource/data[text()='an important message'] -!|

A GET request (as with all other request types) accepts both relative and absolute resource paths
(the path in the table below is an absolute path, although it will be rendered as a relative path 
by !-RestFixture-!):

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | http://localhost:7654/resources/0 | 200 | Content-Length : [\d]+ | !-/resource/name[text()='a funky name'] 
/resource/data[text()='an important message'] -!|

A GET request properly handles query strings. In this example the stub resource echoes the query string in a Query-String header:

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/0?param=echome&something=else&another=parameter | 200 | !-Content-Length : [\d]+
Query-String : param=echome&something=else&another=parameter-! | !-/resource/name[text()='a funky name'] 
/resource/data[text()='an important message'] -!|

A GET request to a non-existent resource should not return any content:
!* Note
Instead of XPaths you can specify '''no-body''' if the operation is expected to return an empty body.
*!

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/999 | 404 | Content-Length : 0 | no-body |

A GET request will not fail if the query string contains parameter arrays:  
!* Note
Unlike the Java version of !-RestFixture-!, 
!-RestFixture.Net-! doesn't need any special configuration to support query string 
parameter arrays.
*!

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/0?a[0]=2&a[1]=4 | 200 |  |  |

Expectations about the response body can be specified in !-JavaScript-! for responses that return 
JSON or !-JavaScript-!:
!* Notes
!-JavaScript-! expectations should work for responses whose content type is "application.json" or 
"application/x-javascript"

For these content types, the JSON document from the HTTP response is assigned to the '''jsonbody''' 
!-JavaScript-! object.  Properties of the JSON document can be accessed from the jsonbody object 
via standard !-JavaScript-! dot notation.  For example: 
{{{jsonbody.resource.name=='my name'}}}
*!
| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/1.json | 200 |  |  |
| GET | /resources/1.json | 200 | Content-Type : application/json;charset=ISO-8859-1 | !-jsonbody.resource.name=='a funky name'
jsonbody.resource.data=='an important message'-! |