---
Test
---
!3 Expectations in !-JavaScript-! on Responses with Content Type application/json
!-RestFixture.Net-! supports the !-JavaScript-! functionality of !-RestFixture-! version 2:  Expectations 
may be written in !-JavaScript-! against response body contents in JSON format.

!* XPaths and JSON
!-RestFixture.Net-! retains the !-RestFixture-! version 1 functionality, in addition to the version 2 
functionality:  Expectations against a response body in JSON format can be written as XPath 
expressions, as well as !-JavaScript-! expressions.
*!

!* JSON Object Representing Response Body
For responses with Content-Type '''application/json''' the response body is represented by a JSON 
object called '''jsonbody'''.  

Properties in the the JSON body of the response can be read from the jsonbody object using normal 
!-JavaScript-! dot notation.  For example:
{{{jsonbody.someProperty}}}
*!

The test should pass if the !-JavaScript-! expectation evaluates to true:

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/1.json | 200 | Content-Type : application/json | jsonbody.resource.name=="a funky name" && jsonbody.resource.data=="an important message" |

Multiple expectations may be specified, one on each line.  The test should pass if all expectations 
evaluate to true (expectations on different lines should be effectively ANDed together):

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/1.json | 200 | Content-Type : application/json | !-jsonbody.resource.name.length>=0 
jsonbody.resource.name.length<1000-! |

The contents of the expectation cell should be evaluated as a block of !-JavaScript-! code if the 
cell is headed by the following block comment: '''/* javascript */''':

!* "/* javascript */" Identifier in !-RestFixture.Net-!:
The !-JavaScript-! identifier in !-RestFixture.Net-! is more robust than the one in the Java 
!-RestFixture-!.  

In !-RestFixture-! the identifier must contain exactly one leading space and one trailing space.  
So {{{/*  javascript  */}}} would fail, because it has multiple leading and trailing spaces.  

In !-RestFixture.Net-! the "javascript" text is case-insensitive and the surrounding whitespace 
can be any combination of spaces and/or tabs.  The surrounding whitespace is optional, so can be 
excluded (eg "/*javascript*/"), or can include any number of spaces and tabs.  The number of 
leading and trailing whitespaces do not have to match, so {{{/*   javascript */}}} is acceptable.
*!

| Fit Rest Fixture | http://localhost:7654 |
| GET | /resources/1.json | 200 | Content-Type : application/json | !-/* javascript */
var concat = jsonbody.resource.name + " and " + jsonbody.resource.data
concat=="a funky name and an important message" -! |